Russia win began to throw
clean and complete this business write view
very 1 com and most accurate
yorg countries to
So
meeting was open 10 but it will be
flowers berries
came a little later when u the second time
our team was in the minority and
this time throw or rsa
Reaches the goal Nicholas RS
doubled bjork team advantage danmark
countries to your account it is also an assist
transfer recorded 2 of 2 enviable
implementation of the majority
There were moments among the Russians in the first period
but such self-reliance and
fly they that by and large nothing
do not let a serious drug
this moment when stealing from profitable
positions could not be abandoned further
already goldobin throw from negative
corner made saron sarnoff
capitulate moved from goalkeepers
ricocheted from his dashboard the puck flew into
gates well and your goal is mostly ours
the team managed to build later in this
episode unlucky Onishchenko inept
send the puck into the goal
it rallied together on a bench
the danish team thinks that ours
guys kysh example
contender follow quarrel with metal
reason to doubt sayulee sellers on
uncomfortable but lift the puck under
the crossbar and we failed or closer to
body and red on the right trap
In general, I read what I want to do.
Sorokin himself Tolchinsky technical
kills capable
lay a bunch of tricks and have a puck
gate look so
solve this problem sorento on casco
betrayed that the goalkeeper is not responding
Tolchinsky would throw a little video
speed dropped anyway goalie when
plays he rolls away and then
we will open the knife and color it pauses
made forced almost gate
drive in and then already there just past
throwing
very cool performed saw that
practically sat down to mistake domes
Euler continues to exhibit those who
managed to upset sorokin in the game bjork
countries suspends sorokin this
exit to your gate with a flap and sharp
would somehow
and thank god control of the puck im barely
not lost
and
golden
and cross hiding the composition of the Russian
teams
here
20 a series of end smiles goldobin
taking away sales of a negative angle
I didn’t know whether he was doing this or that
just washers left with cool as if not
there were 20 of the shootout series
Russia team wins this meeting at
Denmark's team scores 2 points and here in
the first moment of this game when not
smiles and moreover even upset to
similar to 10 tn released the puck but it was n’t
would happiness and misfortune help set
this screw goldobin well on this
everything